In this video I'm going to show you a fantastic Hoxsey you can message anybody for free on Linked-In
is gonna save you up to $260 a year.
So to highlight the value of this I want to show you how this set up is normally so say Marven here.
I'd like to send him a message.
I'm not connected with him directly.
You can see here he is the third connection so he's kind of a connection of a connection and you can
see here that there is no option to send him a message.
All I see is his option to send an e-mail.
And if I click on this you can see Linked-In is then pushing me to upgrade to their premium product
because this is a premium feature to message people who are not correct connected with directly and
then even if I select the lowest price plan you can see that's about 200 or $22 about $260 a year.
So I'm going to show you hey you can save that fee just by using the simple trick.
So what you want to do is come back to Linked-In then you want to come in to work here and then you
want to click into groups and then you want to click into the groups that you've joined.
Or you could set this up afterwards.
And now what I can do is I can message anybody in this group absolutely for free.
So Marvin here for example I can come back and reply directly to him and now I can message him for free
just because we're in the same group together.
So that's a way that you get around that field.
You don't have to pay for in mail.
All I have to do is join the groups who are your target audience are now one handy thing that you can
do is say if you're not sure what groups to join you can come to somebody whose profile may be a perfect
ideal customer.
You can scroll scroll down to the bottom and then in here you can see some of the interests or groups
that they're a member of.
So if I open this up then I can ask to join this group.
And then you could see that in here there's 234 times and people that I could message for free now.
So that is a simple trick.
The way to get around paying the price for this premium feature just go in and join the groups where
your target audience are already members of.
And once again if you're not sure what groups those should be to scroll to the end of the profile and
find those groups who had huge amount of members so that you can join those groups and their message.
All those people for free.
So go ahead and try that in mail hack for yourself right now or put it in your back pocket for later.